bpo-38738: Fix formatting of True and False. (#17083)
python/cpython: Doc/library/logging.rst

   .. method:: Logger.filter(record)

>       Applies this logger's filters to the record and returns ``True`` if the

Reviewer: I approve this change.

Reviewer 2: Our convention is that docstring verbs, such as here, above, and below, should be imperative, as in 
```suggestion
      Apply this logger's filters to the record and return ``True`` if the
```
Would you approve of these changes on this issue?

   .. method:: Handler.filter(record)

>       Applies this handler's filters to the record and returns ``True`` if the

Reviewer: I approve this change.
